Update action docs (#2876)
OpenSlides/openslides-backend: docs/actions/motion_working_group_speaker.create.md

## Action
Creates a new working group speaker. The user and motion must belong to the same meeting. The fields

> `meeting_user_id` and `motion_id` are unique together, so it is checked if the user doesn't already exists as a working group speaker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the conjunction of the fields `meeting_user_id` and `motion_id` is not unique, an exception is raised. This way it is asserted that the user doesn't already exist as a working group speaker.
```
